Prepare 2.4.0-rc.1 release (#3231)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2.4.0-rc.1

### Grafana Mimir

> * [BUGFIX] Fix distributor returning a 500 status code when receives a 400 from the ingester. #3211

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Fix distributor from returning a 500 status code when a 400 was received from the ingester. #3211
```
